well probably one of the highest
tributes for anyone working in the
natural world is to have a newly
discovered species named after them in
fact David I knew you have quite a
number already named after you um
it's your birthday so one of the world's
foremost dragonfly experts wanted to
give you a little gift here is Klaus -
Dijkstra on your 90th birthday I want to
wish you not only many more years of
good health and of broadcasting but I
wish every one more of you and - thank
you I've named together with colleagues
a dragonfly in your honor
I see Selma had some barrel I'm your new
dragonfly is for Madagascar and I'm
happy to report that your dragonfly is
actually very common
every farmer can find it in her potty
every fisherman can see it in his pond
every schoolchild can find it in the
yard it simply is another one of those
species that is unique but no one
noticed that it was but now people can
go out there and say hey look that is
Sir David dragonfly thank you
there is David a very special little
birthday gift a Susilo Attenborough
rather beautiful don't you think
I think it's stunningly beautiful
dragonflies are magical insects aren't
they you know they they date back for
300 million years just like that yeah
what a thrill it's very cool I
definitely have loved the David
Attenborough yeah like I don't know why
you wouldn't love David Attenborough